[5.11.0] Analytics cluster setup information added (#2701)
wso2/docs-is: en/docs/learn/prerequisites-to-publish-statistics.md

        -   If you are running WSO2 IS Analytics in a clustered setup, see
            [WSO2 Stream Processor Deployment
            Guide](https://docs.wso2.com/stream-processor/Deployment+Guide).
            The viable cluster types for WSO2 IS Analytics are [Minimum High Availability 
            Deployment](https://docs.wso2.com/display/SP440/Minimum+High+Availability+Deployment) 
            (recommended) and [Fully Distributed 
            Deployment](https://docs.wso2.com/display/SP440/Fully+Distributed+Deployment).

>             For both types, database system state persistence must be enabled and configured.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            For both types, database system state persistence need to be enabled and configured.
```

>             Furthermore, if required, the dashboard profile can be hosted outside the cluster with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            If required, the dashboard profile can be hosted outside the cluster with
```
